(Episode 22)
(Authentic Deed of Will)
This is Chairman Jang Boo Cheon's notarized certificate...
stating that he will donate all of his fortune...
to Cheong A after his death.
This arrived today by express mail service.
I opened it to put it away as I thought it was just a document.
This is a false document.
Is Boo Cheon...
at home now?
He hasn't come home yet.
(Pil Joo)
Yes?
Pil Joo.
Jang Boo Cheon's last known location...
is the intersection near our studio in Insa-dong.
I can't locate him further because his phone is turned off now.
Insa-dong?
(Will, Testator: Jang Boo Cheon)
Boo Cheon.
Boo Cheon!
We are treating him with high concentration of oxygen.
His life isn't in danger.
However, we must observe him longer regarding his recovery.
He wouldn't have made it if he was even a second late.
(Intensive Care Unit)
Yes, Yong Goo.
I found Jang Boo Cheon's phone in his car.
You sent a text message asking him to meet you at the studio.
I never sent it.
Someone made it look like you did and lured Jang Boo Cheon in.
If Jang Boo Cheon had died,
you would've taken the fall for it.
Find out what happened.
And check every surveillance camera near the studio.
Get me the license plate numbers for suspicious vehicles.
According to my source who watched the scene,
Kang Pil Joo showed up...
and rescued Jang Boo Cheon which caused the operation to fail.
Thank you, Attorney Kang.
He would've been in critical condition if you were late.
The worst is over now,
but he's still in a coma.
He might have difficulty in breathing or stop breathing,
so we have to observe him for the time being.
Mom.
I have to go for my shift.
Thank you for your help.
Why did Boo Cheon...
go to the studio?
Someone...
made it look like I sent him a text message...
and...
lured him into the studio.
Father...
It was Father.
Why...
did you rescue...
and take care of Boo Cheon...
whom you must hate?
I never hated him for a second.
I've pitied him many times though.
He was born...
as a son of someone like you.
How pitiful.
Boo Cheon...
never wanted to become the chairman...
to begin with.
I'm sure you remember that.
You helped Boo Cheon become the chairman.
I...
neither had the time nor felt the need...
to think about Boo Cheon.
My target...
was you, Executive Jung.
To take your revenge,
you victimized Boo Cheon.
Because of your sin which you had committed,
Boo Cheon became the victim.
Executive Jung, I will stay here.
Please go home and rest.
I will stay here,
so no one pulls off the respirator.
I must keep watch.
Pil Joo, I found the arsonist.
The instigator is Jang Kook Hwan's old driver.
This is the phone they cloned.
This is Jang Boo Cheon's.
And...
this is the confession video.
- Well done. - Pil Joo.
Just forget about everything...
and leave.
He even tried to murder a grandson he lived with for 37 years.
Even if Jang Boo Cheon isn't related, how could he do this?
Everyone is insane.
He will try to kill you too in the end.
Jang Boo Cheon is lying on the hospital bed.
Jung Mal Ran can't do anything without you.
You have...
done enough.
Let's stop now, Pil Joo.
My work isn't finished yet.
I knew that you wouldn't listen to me,
but I was just frustrated.
If...
something bad happens to you no matter how small it may be,
I'm going to...
burn down Mooshimwon that day.
I wanted to do it when you got into the car accident,
but since your recovery was more important,
I held myself back.
This is Boo Cheon's will you drew up, sir.
(Jang Boo Cheon)
You wanted to...
get rid of two problems at once.
Make Jang Boo Cheon die in fire...
and send Kang Pil Joo to prison...
for the murder.
Your plan has failed, sir.
Sir,
didn't I tell you...
I will get rid of Boo Cheon and Executive Jung?
I only told you that Boo Cheon wasn't a Jang...
because I wanted you to help me when I bring Boo Cheon down...
from his chairman post.
Boo Cheon and Executive Jung...
are my preys I've put a lot of time...
and effort into for a long time.
Don't ever touch them again.
I let them slide for two decades.
I will punish them...
however I see fit.
Is only your revenge important?
What about...
the humiliation that Soo Man and I felt?
You already punished him.
Boo Cheon has already...
died in that fire.
Had I not found him,
he'd have been dead already.
If you plan to reinstate President Jang Seong Man...
or promote Yeo Cheon to the chairman post,
I advise you to give up now.
"Due to Chairman Jang Boo Cheon's hard effort..."
"to grow Cheong A Bio,"
"he has been swamped with heavy workload which weakened his health."
"Therefore, he will give up his chairmanship temporarily."
"I will appoint..."
"Director Kang Pil Joo whom I believe..."
" to be competent..."
"and whom I've seen for 20 years to the managerial executive post."
"As the biggest shareholder of Cheong A, the honorary chairman,"
"I'd like everyone to accept my arbitrary decision."
"I advise the board of directors..."
"to vote..."
"regarding accepting Kang Pil Joo."
I'd like you to make this announcement.
You should try begging instead.
Beg me to accept you as a Jang and make you the chairman.
I don't want to become the chairman as a Jang.
- What? - I will become the chairman...
as Kang Pil Joo whose first job was Cheong A...
and who only worked for Cheong A...
without getting distracted.
You're getting on my nerves, you ungrateful lowlife.
Chairmanship of Cheong A.
If Vice President Jang Soo Man hadn't passed away,
I'd naturally have had a chance to become the chairman.
How could a son born out of wedlock have a chance at the chairmanship?
It is true that among your grandsons,
I, Jang Eun Cheon, am the most qualified, isn't it?
You've watched me for 20 years.
You cannot deny the fact.
You're finally revealing your true intentions.
Your greed to take over Cheong A.
I can't give you a lot of time.
After I add the attempted murder of your own grandson onto the list...
of illegal activities you did...
and cases on which...
you manipulated the law, I'll wait then.
Attorney Kang.
I didn't drag your father to the wedding.
Your father couldn't give up Cheong A's money.
Of course.
It was too big to refuse.
Aren't you after Cheong A's money as well?
You're going to take the money in the name of revenge.
Be honest, Attorney Kang.
Boo Cheon.
You have to be a chairman's friend now.
When you and Executive Jung...
leave here voluntarily,
I was going to take that place.
But I can't wait...
until you wake up.
Pil Joo.
Mom told me...
that you want to become a lawyer to help me become the chairman.
You don't need to do that.
Quit law school...
and study what you want.
There's no such thing.
Why not?
You said you wanted to study forest and trees.
You know what?
My father...
was a professor who studied forest and trees...
that you want to study,
but Grandfather made him quit,
so he can inherit Cheong A.
When you live in Cheong A,
you have to give up what you want to do.
When Yeo Cheon was young,
he wanted to be a toy block maker.
My uncle beat him with a baseball bat...
for playing with toy blocks...
and threw them out.
What did you want to be?
I just...
want to enjoy my life with my father's fortune...
and have fun with pretty girls.
Don't tell this to anyone.
A pianist.
Do you...
know how to play the piano?
Very...
well.
I gave up...
after seeing my mom in despair...
when I said I wanted to major in piano...
in middle school.
My mom threw the piano out the next day.
Congressman Na's family wants to see me urgently.
If you're busy, I'll go alone.
If you go alone,
you might reveal where he is.
I'll accompany you.
Mo Hyun.
Congressman Na.
Attorney Kang.
When my father's fully recovered,
I'm going to suggest him to turn himself in.
You must squeeze the bad pus out...
to have new skin.
He...
might not want that.
Father...
said he's truly sorry.
I didn't accept it then.
If he's still the same,
he'll reveal the truth.
Then...
the arrow of the truth...
will point at you too.
I have something...
to return to him.
It's the recording file that was in his cell phone.
He'll probably look for it.
I will...
bring it to the Foundation office...
later.
You're going to...
make Grandfather draw back from management?
We didn't...
earn this chance with our ability.
This is like a seed war.
Other people except us are crossbreeds...
so that we, the purebred, have earned the premium.
If we follow what Grandfather wants,
he'll abandon us again later.
He was...
in the front-line management...
for Cheong A.
But that's what holds back Cheong A.
We should've taken him to the rear earlier.
That's why I established a strategic alliance with your aunt.
For her and Boo Cheon's stocks. Especially...
the Bio holding company stocks.
Yes.
It's true...
that you and I have been lazy...
on getting stocks because we underestimated Bio.
Let's stop looking back at ourselves.
We need to advance.
It's past Aunt's appointment.
We need to make them wait.
That way...
she would not forget that I have six...
and she has four.
Mal Ran.
I was busy today.
You know...
that Boo Cheon's not my husband's son, right?
Mal Ran.
You're so confident...
as if you've won a gold medal.
Seong Man.
The person with the most stocks...
has the strongest power in the corporation,
and the person who doesn't is the weakest.
Even if...
Boo Cheon's not the Jangs,
you're well aware that...
Boo Cheon and I have a lot of shares in Cheong A.
I think...
my deceased father...
received shares...
instead of cash...
for this occasion.
Push ahead with the plan...
of splitting into 6 and 4...
as we promised last time.
- Let's go. - Pardon?
To where?
There's a meeting regarding Boo Cheon today.
Let's say you called me.
- Who called Executive Jung? - Father.
I told her to come.
I thought it'd make less noise...
if she's here...
as we're making a big decision...
since Boo Cheon's in bed.
- Mr. Woo. Begin. - Yes.
"Chairman Jang Boo Cheon..."
"was swamped with heavy workload..."
"in order to grow Cheong A Bio..."
"so that it's worsened his health."
"So he will..."
"put out his chairman post temporarily."
"He recommends Kang Pil Joo whom he's watched for 20 years..."
"as a candidate for..."
"the empty chairman position..."
"as a managerial executive."
"Another candidate is the former chairman, Jang Seong Man."
"Another candidate is someone who is recommended..."
"by presidents of affiliates."
"Above three people are candidates for the next chairman post..."
"due to the absence of Chairman Jang Boo Cheon."
"It has been decided arbitrarily by Honorary Chairman Jang..."
"who has the most shares in Cheong A."
"The board of directors should vote..."
"by creating a personnel committee."
It was from Honorary Chairman Jang.
Chairman Jang Boo Cheon...
has never put out his position.
If you think the chairman sick in bed...
is disadvantageous in terms of management,
I'll accept a co-chairman.
What did you say?
If you don't accept my opinion on a co-chairman,
I'll tell the board of directors...
and the general meeting of stockholders that...
the decision is against his opinion.
My son, Soo Man...
Let's do this. Dismissal of Chairman Jang Boo Cheon,
co-chairman post,
and selection of three candidates...
Let's leave them all to the board of directors...
and follow the decision they make.
I think we should do what Attorney Kang says.
What do you think, Mr. Woo?
Yes. I think that's a good idea.
Let's do that then. Dismiss the meeting.
(Chairman Jang Boo Cheon)
(Jang Boo Cheon)
(Chairman)
How did you know?
Boo Cheon's lawyer told me.
His lawyer?
Boo Cheon and I...
are divorced from today by the law.
What?
I've never heard you filed for divorce.
Boo Cheon was planning to tell you...
after he received the court's decision.
Now that it's been decided,
you probably received alimony and property as you wanted.
My son...
must've suffered...
to catch you so desperately.
Na Mo Hyun.
Will you leave immediately?
I don't want to be with you in the same room.
Okay, Executive Jung Mal Ran.
I'll leave.
I hope Boo Cheon will get well soon.
[VIU Ver] E22 Money Flower "Everyone Will Be Against You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Since you want it,
I'll think about the divorce.
But...
if...
I can never break up with you,
then...
please turn back to me.
Please.
Mo Hyun.
I heard you've got the decision on the lawsuit.
Yes.
- What has happened to Boo Cheon? - I think...
you should hear it from him...
when he wakes up.
Boo Cheon...
should have left Mooshimwon.
All three of us...
should have left...
Why did you want to see me?
It's what you mentioned before...
Congressman Na...
recorded every time he met...
someone important.
The formal president, ministers, and politicians.
It's small,
but it's pretty much a nuclear bomb.
Whether to...
reveal it to the world or not...
is totally up to Congressman Na,
so I kept it secure.
If I had it from the beginning,
I wouldn't have been able to bear it.
Cheong A Foundation slush fund data.
Father's recording.
Father's statement once he recovers.
From now on, all these will...
torment you.
I apologize for calling a meeting at such late night.
The biggest concern...
of the board of directors is sudden fluctuation...
in stock price caused by frequent replacement of chairman.
So it's been narrowed down...
to two candidates with defense of management right,
who are President Jang Seong Man and Director Kang Pil Joo.
The election will be held during the meeting.
You've made the right decision.
The ability to win stockholders' hearts is important too.
Also they know well about you two,
they'll vote for the one whom they believe to bring larger profit.
The chairman election will be held...
at the extraordinary general meeting scheduled next week.
It might dishearten you...
even before the meeting is held.
Father,
considering the shares of Mal Ran and Boo Cheon...
and those of mine and Yeo Cheon, albeit small, altogether,
we might be able to...
predict the result of the general meeting here.
Should I offer my congratulations in advance, Dad?
Attorney Kang also has a large number of Cheong A Bio shares.
If he manages to secure preferred shares,
the election might get fierce.
Father,
did you buy Attorney Kang shares of Cheong A Bio...
with the money you lent from Mr. Cha?
I told you I'd buy Cheong A Bio shares when I became...
the vice president, but you said no.
Why did you let Attorney Kang...
Executive Jung...
gave me...
half of Daeil Distribution shares she had.
I'm sure it will be of big help at the meeting...
as Daeil Distribution has management right of Cheong A Bio.
Mal Ran,
why did you give your shares...
So Attorney Kang successfully...
ripped me and Executive Jung off...
in the end.
Executive Jung...
gave me...
half of Daeil Distribution shares she had.
I'm sure it will be of big help at the meeting...
Chairman Jang Boo Cheon woke up.
Secretary Ahn.
Boo Cheon.
I'm glad you are back.
Mom...
I made you worry a lot.
Is it okay for him to speak like that?
He would stop talking if he finds it hard.
I'm sure he has a lot to say.
Go ahead.
Say whatever you want to say.
What about Pil Joo?
(List of Properties to be Bequeathed in Advance)
What is this?
This is the list of properties...
you bestowed to Boo Cheon in advance.
Please take a look and sign...
the lawsuit consent form for property transfer nullification.
When you brought it up before,
I didn't give you any answer.
And you brought it again?
If I proceed with this suit,
the public will find out that Boo Cheon isn't the Jangs.
Executive Jung...
also doesn't want it to be...
known to people.
If you just show her...
that you're ready to file the suit,
she'll give up on her shares.
Leave it here.
Okay.
Is Chairman Jang Boo Cheon conscious?
Chairman Jang Boo Cheon just opened his eyes.
Secretary Ahn is here...
because Executive sent Secretary Ahn...
to deliver the news directly.
Sir,
I came to inform that Chairman Jang has come back to his senses...
as Executive Jung instructed.
Tell her that I am informed.
I will get going, sir.
(Cheong A Hospital)
Honorary Chairman said...
he will file the suit to nullify property transfer.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I'm giving you advice as a lawyer.
You'd better...
give up on the shares you received...
before you stand trial.
Until when...
are you going to torture Boo Cheon and me?
Until you leave.
I thought you came with a flag of truce already.
That was a strategic decision.
I know you plan to collude with President Jang Seong Man...
and throw me...
and Honorary Chairman out.
Did you eavesdrop again?
Would it have been necessary?
I know...
you very well.
Go inside.
He asked for you as soon as he woke up.
How does it feel?
You made Grandfather kill me by telling him that I'm not the Jangs,
and you saved me from flames. What does it feel like?
I was really curious.
Blame your mom.
You wouldn't have gone...
through such things if you were the Jangs.
I already resent her bitterly.
I resent Mom.
I thought...
you chose me over Yeo Cheon...
because he's strong-minded and I am more of a pushover.
But...
you stayed next to me for such a long time because of my mom.
Did you...
strengthen your resolution for revenge...
whenever you saw me...
for the last 20 years?
The target of my revenge...
isn't you, but Executive Jung Mal Ran.
Is this what you chose for your life after coming back from death's door?
Do you think it really makes sense?
I had only two options...
to choose.
Leading my life with the goal...
to take revenge on Executive Jung.
Or...
walking into the river...
again.
So you've always been...
willing to die if you can't take revenge?
It was pretty simple to me.
If I...
walk into the river again,
my mother, brother, father,
and...
Vice Chairman Jang Soo Man...
I'll meet them all.
So...
to get back at my mother,
you made me marry Mo Hyun...
to make me become the chairman...
when I wasn't even interested in becoming a chairman.
Then you revealed the truth...
and made Mo Hyun leave me,
so you can have Cheong A Group?
You scumbag.
Why did you even save my life after putting me to shame?
You know what?
It feels even worse...
that you're the one who saved me.
It's not that I wanted to save your life.
Don't flatter yourself.
If you had died,
I'd have taken all the blame for it, so I saved you.
You jerk.
Seoul Central District Prosecutor’s Office said Former Chairman Jang...
who's standing trial for issuing fraudulent corporate bills...
and illegally supporting affiliates...
is under investigation for evasion of taxes.
It will spell bad news for him as it happened while he was...
vying with Director Kang Pil Joo for the position of chairman,
vacated by Jang Boo Cheon.
Meanwhile, all the attention is now...
on who will be the new chairman of Cheong A Bio...
as the holding company will have...
the extraordinary general meeting to decide it tomorrow.
I'm taking care of...
the issues regarding the corporate bills...
and corporate tax in the trials.
Then why did you want to talk to me in private?
Let's get this over with...
and return to our homes for dinner.
Chairman Jang Seong Man, you won't be going home for a while.
You're under investigation for tax evasion...
of tens of millions of dollars.
For your information, tax evasion...
of more than 300,000 dollars means jail time.
Chairman Jang, Chairman Jang Seong Man is...
arrested for tax evasion.
What?
Attorney Kang, that jerk.
Bring him here now.
I handed over the materials to the prosecution.
Chairman Jang Seong Man...
won't be able to avoid imprisonment.
You'll need to get him a good attorney.
Chairman Jang, the board of directors...
will rule him out as a candidate.
Then Attorney Kang will be the sole candidate, and
they'll only cast a vote of yes or no on him.
(Extraordinary General Meeting of Cheong A Bio)
May I see your ID?
(Identification Card)
Hello, sir.
- Hello, ma'am. - Hello.
Please come in.
The director is coming.
The extraordinary general meeting has just begun.
Okay.
Did you give my power of attorney to them?
Yes, sir. You didn't want...
the Jang family to attend the meeting,
so they all submitted the power of attorney.
Did you vote no...
on Pil Joo's appointment as chairman with our shares?
Of course I did.
I'll stop Pil Joo...
from becoming the chairman at all costs.
(Yong Goo)
Pil Joo, I calculated the shares of those at the meeting.
40 percent of them is in favor, and 47 percent is against.
At this rate, the appointment of the chairmanship will be voted down.
Chairman Jang.
Please vote yes with your shares.
I won't.
Mr. Woo.
Please excuse us for a second.
(List of Borrowed-name Bank Accounts)
How did you get this?
It's the list...
of borrowed-name bank accounts...
you've hidden all this time.
It's more than four billion dollars.
If you...
don't vote for me,
I will reveal this list...
to the public.
Mr. Woo.
Tell my deputy to vote for yes...
with my shares.
In today's extraordinary general meeting of Cheong A,
Director Kang Pil Joo has been voted...
as the new chairman...
to lead the company.
Including Founder Jang Kook Hwan, Former Chairman Jang Seong Man,
and Former Chairman Jang Boo Cheon,
Cheong A Group has been run by the company owners,
but now it is seeking a new revolution...
with the management specialist, Kang Pil Joo.
(Mooshimwon)
(Chairman Jang Boo Cheon)
(Chairman Kang Pil Joo)
Sir, I'm here for the first work report.
The inaugural ceremony will be held this Friday.
Let's skip the inaugural ceremony.
Pardon?
Chairman Jang Boo Cheon's inaugural ceremony has just been held.
I will do as I am told.
Mr. Woo.
I just sent you an email.
Please take a look and tell each subsidiary company...
to prepare what I asked for.
(Cheong A Group 10-Year-Plan)
Sir,
when did you devise this plan?
You must've prepared a lot for this.
I sent people to the house.
Sir,
he says Congressman Na Gi Chul isn't in that house.
please take a look at this.
(Congressman Na Gi Chul is alive.)
(A shocking video clip is widespread online.)
Fellow citizens,
I am...
Na Gi Chul, who used to be a candidate...
for the 19th presidential election from Shindaehan Party.
I am not dead. I am still alive.
I will come back soon...
and reveal all the truth.
(Money Flower)